README.md, before:

Technical questions

1. How long did you spend on the coding assignment? What would you add to your solution if you had more time? If you didn't spend much time on the coding test, then use this as an opportunity to explain what you would add.

I spent about 10 hours on this assignment. Minimal design idea was used. If I had more time, I would have spent more time on creating better and more interactive UI.

2. What was the most useful feature that was added to the latest version of your chosen language? Please include a snippet of code that shows how you've used it.

I worked on full-stack project with MERN (MongoDB, ExpressJS, ReactJS, NodeJS) stack technologies. This project was real estate website in GTA and it is advertising website for tenants. I used graph in react application which shows average rental price in visual format. The graph provides the average cost of rental in different cities in GTA area.

Please see my personal portfolio website and also github account. Project is called Capstone (Toronto Rental)
Peronal Portfolio: www.farzinjabbary.com
Github: https://github.com/fjabbary

3. What were the more challenging parts of this assignment for you?
   Most of it was straightforward. The challenging part was the creating UI without having access to design file.

4) How would you track down a performance issue in production? Have you ever had to do this?
   I first check the functionality in the source code in development and find the route cause if related to the code. If the issue related to the source code, I troubleshoot the code. Otherwise, I check the if the issue is related to deployment process.

5) How would you improve the API that you just used?
   The API is missing useful information such as rating of restaurants, number of reviews, restaurant images, menu, and real price ranges. So, I would add this information to the API since they are important factors for customers to know about the restaurants.

6. Please describe yourself using JSON.
   I enjoy using data in JSON format since it shows relevant information in javascript object format which makes it is easy to work with.

Commit message:

answers to technical questions added-2

README.md, after:

Technical questions

1. How long did you spend on the coding assignment? What would you add to your solution if you had more time? If you didn't spend much time on the coding test, then use this as an opportunity to explain what you would add.

I spent about 10 hours on this assignment. Minimal design idea was used. If I had more time, I would have spent more time on creating better and more interactive UI.

2. What was the most useful feature that was added to the latest version of your chosen language? Please include a snippet of code that shows how you've used it.

Many new and useful features added to the new version of JavaScript ES6/ES7. The new features such template literals, object/array destructuring, array methods (map, find, filter, reduce and ...), arrow functions, fetch, asynch/await (Vs. HttpRequest of ES5) for AJAX request, and etc.

I used them in most of my recent projects. Please see my github repo and personal portfolio for some the projects that I was accomplished in the past.

Guthub Repo: https://github.com/fjabbary
Personal Portfolio: http://www.farzinjabbary.com/

3. What were the more challenging parts of this assignment for you?
   Most of it was straightforward. The challenging part was the creating UI without having access to design file.

4) How would you track down a performance issue in production? Have you ever had to do this?
   I first check the functionality in the source code in development and find the route cause if related to the code. If the issue related to the source code, I troubleshoot the code. Otherwise, I check the if the issue is related to deployment process.

5) How would you improve the API that you just used?
   The API is missing useful information such as rating of restaurants, number of reviews, restaurant images, menu, and real price ranges. So, I would add this information to the API since they are important and determining factors for customers to choose theor favorite restaurants.

6. Please describe yourself using JSON.
   I enjoy using data in JSON format since it shows all relevant information in javascript object format which makes it is easy to work with.
